docs(localFont): enhance details about using the localFont function (#88189)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/01-getting-started/13-fonts.mdx

## Local fonts

> To use a local font, import the `localFont` function from `next/font/local` and specify the [`src`](/docs/app/api-reference/components/font#src) of your local font file using a relative path. Fonts can be stored anywhere in the project, including the [`public`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/public-folder) folder or the `app` folder. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a local font, import the `localFont` function from `next/font/local` and specify the [`src`](/docs/app/api-reference/components/font#src) of your local font file. The path is resolved relative to the file where `localFont` is called. Fonts can be stored anywhere in the project, including the [`public`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/public-folder) folder or co-located inside the `app` folder. For example, to use a font stored in `app/fonts/`:
```

Thanks for the PR, I was out-of-office when you made it, and lost signal from it. 

I think we can adapt the suggestion here and close the source issue?

Author: Thank you for your feedback! I've updated per your feedback

Reviewer: Let's just fix the merge conflict, 2 months ago the section got wrapped by AppOnly:

https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/b3a587e9706a8396cac911c423aa39132f5112fc/docs/01-app/01-getting-started/13-fonts.mdx?plain=1#L306-L310

Author: @icyJoseph fixed! Thank you
